Task:

You are an expert software engineer.

Task:
Based on the following use case, write a complete, runnable program in Java. Make sure to include all necessary functions, classes, and imports. Ensure the code is correct, efficient, and handles edge cases.

Use Case:
Use case name: ModifyComment 
Description: Editing a comment by a feedback selected. 
Participating Actor: initialization Agency Operator 
Entry Operator conditions: The agency has logged. 
Flow of events User System: 
1. View the list of sites as a result of the use case SearchSite, it selects and activates a function of change in the selected comment. 
2 Upload feedback issued to that site and displays them in a form. 
3 Select a feedback from the list and submit the form. 
4 Displays a form for editing the comment of feedback selected. 
5 Edit the comment and submit the form. 
6. Verify the data entered and asks for confirmation of the change. Where the data is invalid or insufficient, the system activates the use case Errored. 
7 Confirm the operation. 
8 Remember the comment changed. 
Exit conditions: The notification system has been modified for the comment feedback selected. 
Operator Agency cancels the operation. 
Interruption of the connection to the server 
Quality requirements:

Requirements:
1. Use Java.
2. The code should be fully runnable.
3. Include comments explaining key logic.
4. Do not include explanations outside of code.

Output:
Only provide the code, nothing else.
Please begin writing the code now.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
 Java

Code_Version:
4.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

