Task:

You are an expert software engineer.

Task:
Based on the following use case, write a complete, runnable program in Java. Make sure to include all necessary functions, classes, and imports. Ensure the code is correct, efficient, and handles edge cases.

Use Case:
Use case name: ConventionRequest 
Description: Require to conclude a Convention between the points of rest and the agency involved. 
Participating Actor: initialization Operator Point Of Restaurants 
Entry conditions: The Point Of Restaurant Operator has successfully authenticated to the system. 
Flow of events User System: 
1. Enable the functionality to request the Convention to the Agency. 
2 Displays a form for entering data of the Convention. 
3 Inserts the data in the form of the agreement and submit. 
4 Verify the data entered and asks for confirmation of the request. Where the data is invalid or insufficient, the system activates the use case Errored. 
5 Confirm the operation. 
6. Send the request to the Convention. 
Exit conditions: The notification about the call for the Convention to the Agency. 
Restaurant Point Of Operator cancels the operation. 
Interruption of the connection to the server ETOUR. 
Quality requirements:

Requirements:
1. Use Java.
2. The code should be fully runnable.
3. Include comments explaining key logic.
4. Do not include explanations outside of code.

Output:
Only provide the code, nothing else.
Please begin writing the code now.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
 Java

Code_Version:
4.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

