Task:

You are an expert software engineer.

Task:
Based on the following use case, write a complete, runnable program in Java. Make sure to include all necessary functions, classes, and imports. Ensure the code is correct, efficient, and handles edge cases.

Use Case:
Use case name: ModifyBanner 
Description: Changing the image of a banner ad. 
Participating Actor: initialization Operator Point Of Restaurants 
Entry conditions: The Point Of Restaurant Operator has successfully authenticated to the system. 
Flow of events User System: 
1. Select the editing functionality of the banner. 
2 View the list of banner associated with the point of rest. 
3 Select a banner from the list and enter the editing functionality. 
4 Displays a form for the selection of an image. 
5 Select a picture and send the request to change the system. 
6. Check the characteristics of the inserted and asks for confirmation of the change of the banner. In the event that the inserted image is not valid, enable the use case Errored. 
7 Confirmation of the transaction change. 
8 Bookmark this new image for the selected banner. 
Exit conditions: The system shall notify the successful modification of the banner. 
The Point Of Operator Restaurant cancels the operation. 
Interruption of the connection to the server ETOUR. 
Quality requirements:

Requirements:
1. Use Java.
2. The code should be fully runnable.
3. Include comments explaining key logic.
4. Do not include explanations outside of code.

Output:
Only provide the code, nothing else.
Please begin writing the code now.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
 Java

Code_Version:
4.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

